Oh, and actually Emma, she's uh...
Never mind.
It's my fault for losing her.
Whoever she's with, I shouldn't blame her.
I don't understand why you two got mixed up with it.
I'm so special about it.
Why did you abandon Emma?
I was blind at the time.
Any time there was any news of any corneal transplant breakthrough,
I would go for the surgery.
I just thought...
Why didn't you take my sister?
I regret it.
There's so much going on at the time.
I wanted to.
I heard you mention Russell family to that owner today.
Well, it doesn't know that Russell Manor doesn't deserve to cater for us.
As Reed said,
back then not taking me with him was because he thought I wasn't worthy of his status.
Is that so?
I've never heard of Russell Manor before.
I guess I'm worse than that owner, huh?
I'll go check on Adam.